Separate online and in-person collaborative documents (#125)
esciencecenter-digital-skills/workshop-template: files/collaborative_document_in_person.md

![](https://i.imgur.com/iywjz8s.png)

# Collaborative Document

YYYY-MM-DD Workshop Type.

Welcome to The Workshop Collaborative Document.

This Document is synchronized as you type, so that everyone viewing this page sees the same text. This allows you to collaborate seamlessly on documents.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------

This is the Document for today: [link](<url>)

Collaborative Document day 1: [link](<url>)

Collaborative Document day 2: [link](<url>)

Collaborative Document day 3: [link](<url>)

Collaborative Document day 4: [link](<url>) 

## 👮Code of Conduct

Participants are expected to follow these guidelines:
* Use welcoming and inclusive language.
* Be respectful of different viewpoints and experiences.
* Gracefully accept constructive criticism.
* Focus on what is best for the community.
* Show courtesy and respect towards other community members.
 
## ⚖️ License

All content is publicly available under the Creative Commons Attribution License: [creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/).

## 🙋Getting help

To ask a question, just raise your hand.

> If you need help from a helper, place a red sticky note on your laptop. A helper will come to assist you as soon as possible.

Author: Is the color usually red for help?

> If you need help from a helper, place a red sticky note on your laptop. A helper will come to assist you as soon as possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need help from a helper, place a pink post-it note on your laptop lid. A helper will come to assist you as soon as possible.
```

## 🖥 Workshop website

[link](<url>)

🛠 Setup

[link](<url>)

Download files

[link](<url>)

## 👩‍🏫👩‍💻🎓 Instructors

Instructor 1, Instructor 2

## 🧑‍🙋 Helpers

Helper 1, Helper 2  

## 👩‍💻👩‍💼👨‍🔬🧑‍🔬🧑‍🚀🧙‍♂️🔧 Roll Call
Name/ pronouns (optional) / job, role / social media (twitter, github, ...) / background or interests (optional) / city

## 🗓️ Agenda
| Time | Topic |
|--:|:---|
| 9:00 | 	Welcome and icebreaker |
| 9:15 |  |
| 10:15 | Coffee break |
| 10:30 | |
|  | _etc_ |

## 🏢 Location logistics
* Coffee and toilets are in the hallway, just outside of the classroom.
* If you leave the building, 
  be sure to be accompanied by someone from the escience center to let you back in through the groundfloor door
* For access to this floor you might need to ring the doorbell so someone can let you in
* In case of an emergency, you can exit our floor using the main staircase.

>   Or use the emergency staircase that is on the northside of the building in the hallway.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Or follow green light signs at the ceiling to the emergency staircase.
```
I would not know where is the north side.

> * **Wifi**: Eduroam should work. Otherwise use the 'matrixbuilding' network, see A4 papers on the walls.

Author: @reviewer please check if this makes sense, I never taught in our office!

> * **Wifi**: Eduroam should work. Otherwise use the 'matrixbuilding' network, see A4 papers on the walls.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Wifi**: Eduroam should work. Otherwise use the 'matrixbuilding' network, password should be printed out and available somewhere in the room.
```
